= Hoe Plugin Examples

* http://github.com/jbarnette/hoe-plugin-examples

== Description

Simple examples of how to write Hoe plugins. Questions? Weirdness?
Fork, add questions to the README, and send me a pull request: I'll do
my best to answer them with an example.

== FAQ

=== How do I make a parent plugin with multiple "child" plugins?

Take a look at <tt>lib/hoe/omnibus.rb</tt>. It activates two other
plugins, <tt>:first</tt> and <tt>:second</tt>. It's used in the
top-level <tt>Rakefile</tt>:

    Hoe.plugin :omnibus

Only files for plugins explicitly activated by <tt>Hoe.plugin</tt> get
loaded, but plugin files can activate other plugins without any
problems.

=== How do I make an auto-activating plugin?

You can't! Early versions of the Hoe plugin architecture allowed you
to do this, but it's too easy for plugins to infect unsuspecting
Rakefiles. Explicitly activate the plugins your Rakefile needs with
<tt>Hoe.plugin</tt>.

== License

Copyright 2009 John Barnette (jbarnette@rubyforge.org)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
